[AT-1173] Add documentation for driver set up with SQuirreL (#6)
Bit-Quill/amazon-timestream-driver-jdbc: markdown/setup/squirrel-driver-setup.md

### SQuirreL SQL Client 
[Link to product webpage](https://sourceforge.net/projects/squirrel-sql/).

> 

Reviewer: Please add "Known Limitations" section for test cases that conditionally passed/failed. Example [here](https://github.com/Bit-Quill/amazon-timestream-driver-jdbc/pull/8/files#diff-fd58fd011f2404b03dd7691f643999d077772211f4d5447791d829744a53c366R53-R55)

    ![Example](../images/squirrel/squirrel2.png)

4. For the **Name:** field, enter **Timestream**.
5. For the **Example JDBC URL:** field, enter `jdbc:timestream://Region=<region>;`
6. Select the **JDBC Driver Class Path** tab.
7. Click the **Add** button and navigate to the downloaded Amazon Timestream JDBC driver JAR file.
8. Click **OK** to add the JAR file to the **JDBC Driver Class Path**.
9. Click the **List Drivers** button.
10. For the **Class Name:** field, ensure the `software.amazon.timestream.jdbc.TimestreamDriver` is selected.

    ![Example](../images/squirrel/squirrel3.png)

11. Click the **OK** button to create and save the driver settings.

#### Connecting to Amazon Timestream Using SQuirreL SQL Client

1. Launch the SQuirreL SQL Client application.
2. Ensure the **Aliases** tab is selected.

    ![Example](../images/squirrel/squirrel4.png)

3. Navigate the menu path **Aliases > New Alias...**
4. In the popped up window, fill the following info

    a. For the **Name:** field, enter a name for this alias. For example, `TimestreamConnection`
    
    b. For the **Driver:** field, ensure **Timestream** is selected.

>     c. For the **URL:** field, enter your JDBC connection string. For example, `jdbc:timestream://Region=us-east-1;`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    c. For the **URL:** field, enter your JDBC connection string. For example, `jdbc:timestream://Region=us-east-1;`. For a list of connection properties (e.g., Access Key, Secret Key, etc.), see [README](../../README.md#optional-connection-properties).
```

    ![Example](../images/squirrel/squirrel5.png)

    d. For the User **User Name:** field, enter your Amazon Timestream account ID.
    

>     e. For the **Password:** field, enter the corresponding password for the acount ID.

Reviewer: are we sure the username/password fields are needed? I think the driver currently does not have capabilities to read username/password and all credentials are either read from AWS configure or inside the connection string.

Reviewer: Context: I leave the username/password fields for Aqua Data Studio empty and I'm still able to connect

Author: If user/password are not provided in the connection string, they could be provided here.

Reviewer: Yea, but my main concern is that if user enters user/password there, the driver does not really handle it. Were you able to connect to driver using username/password and without the aws configuration set up?

Reviewer: I tried the following step and tested that Aqua Data Studio password/username window does not work. Please confirm if it works with SQuirreL:
1. Open system environment variables, and edit `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` to `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID-tmp`, and do the same for `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and rename it to `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY-tmp`. (e.g., `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID-tmp=<accessKeyId>`) This way the saved aws configuration will not be picked up by the JDBC driver.
2. **Re-open** BI tool and connect using username/password
3. Check if connection works. If connection does not work, then the driver cannot be connected using BI tool's username/password dialog and we'll need to tell user to ignore that dialog. This is ok because I don't think the old JDBC driver also supported this.

Author: Yes, you are right. The user/password does not work. They come from AWS configuration. Let me update this.

5. Click **OK** to save the alias.
6. Double-click your alias to start the connection dialog.
7. Click the **Connect** button to connect.

    ![Example](../images/squirrel/squirrel6.png)

> 8. After you succeed to connect to Timestream, you will be able to see a window as the example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. After you succeed to connect to Timestream, you will be able to see a window like the example below.
```
